add a boolean withOption 'validation' for COPY-FROM (#12219)
crate/crate: docs/sql/statements/copy-from.rst

    COPY OK, 3 rows affected (... sec)

.. _sql-copy-from-validation:

``validation``
''''''''''''''

Default: ``true``

Enables or disables parsing and validation of source data.

> If set to ``false`` the parsing and validation will be prevented only if the
> target table does not include ``generated columns`` and
> ``default expressions``. Also, ``check constraints`` will be ignored for
> performance benefits. Therefore, this option must be used with certainty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If set to ``false`` CrateDB will not validate the data in any way. Use this
with caution if you're sure the data is in the right format - for example if
you exported the data using ``COPY TO``.

All constraints - including type value constraints are bypassed. If you import
invalid data this way, subsequent queries can fail.

If the table has generated columns or default expressions, validation
will always take place and the parameter is ignored.
```

Author: Thank you!
